fix(dashboard monitor): don't sum data for local aggregation (#14023)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/fix-14023.en.md

> Fixed an issue with the `GET /monitor` HTTP API where returned data could return values greater than reality depending on the requested time window.

Reviewer: list the gauges:
```
      disconnected_durable_sessions,
      subscriptions_durable,
      subscriptions,
      topics,
      connections,
      live_connections
```

Author: :check

> Fixed an issue with the `GET /monitor` HTTP API where returned data could return values greater than reality depending on the requested time window.

Reviewer: it only happens to data points older than 1h ?
```suggestion
Fixed an issue with the `GET /monitor` HTTP API where returned data could return values greater than reality for sampled metrics older than 1 hour.
```

Author: No, it happens to fresh points as well, as shown in the video.

Reviewer: maybe we should make it clear in change log:
the data points older than 1h is permanently altered, the data points within 1h is only displayed wrong.

Author: :checkered_flag:
